Bob Dylan (born Robert Allen Zimmerman; May 24, 1941) is an American singer-songwriter, author and visual artist. Often regarded as one of the greatest songwriters of all time,[3] Dylan has been a major figure in popular culture for more than 50 years.
Toni Piispanen (born 24 July 1976) is a Paralympic athlete for Finland. He started as an able-bodied karate competitor and became disabled due to an accident that injured his spinal cord at a karate show in 1993. This accident occurred in Lahti in front of hundreds of spectators.
Puerto Cortés Airstrip is the military dirt airstrip of Puerto Cortés Naval Base, located on the East side of Isla Santa Margarita, on the coast of Magdalena Bay, in the Mexican state of Baja California Sur. Isla Margarita is a Pacific Ocean island, located to the West of the Baja California Peninsula, and belongs politically to the municipality of Comondú. Puerto Cortés Naval Base is handled by the Mexican Navy and is the center of a Military Naval Sector that depends from the 2nd Military Naval Region in Ensenada, BC. The airstrip is used solely for military aviation purposes.
Nagao clan
William Addison Adamson (27 May 1858 – 10 June 1924) was an Australian politician. Adamson was born in South Yarra to seedsman William Adamson and Isabella Bruce. He attended Brighton Grammar School and became a grain merchant. On 9 June 1880 he married Lucy Jacks
Born in Madrid, Rubio finished his formation with Rayo Vallecano. He made his senior debut with the reserves on 29 October 2017, playing the last seven minutes in a 1–0 Tercera División home win against CF San Agustín del Guadalix.[1]
East London is a popularly and informally defined part of London, capital of the United Kingdom. By most definitions, it is east of the ancient City of London and north of the River Thames. It broadly comprises the London boroughs of Barking and Dagenham, Hackney, Havering, Newham, Redbridge, Tower Hamlets and Waltham Forest. This understanding accords closely, but not exactly, with the interpretation of the area consisting of the former Tower Division, and London east of the Lea. The East End of London is a subset of East London, consisting of areas close to the ancient City of London. The Eastern (E) Postal District is a different subset of East London; and there is also an "East" sub-region used in the London Plan for planning policy reporting purposes. The most recent (2011) iteration includes seven boroughs north of the Thames, with the addition of three boroughs south of the river.
Kiełków [ˈkʲɛu̯kuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Przecław, within Mielec County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north of Przecław, 7 km (4 mi) south-east of Mielec, and 45 km (28 mi) north-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Bretenoux is a commune in the Lot department in southwestern France.
Jan Leopold Tyranowski (9 February 1901 – 15 March 1947) was a Polish Roman Catholic.[1] He was an ardent admirer and follower of the Discalced Carmelite charism – but was not of their order – and was a central figure in the spiritual formation of Karol Józef Wojtyła who became Pope John Paul II.[2] He was both the leader and student mentor of his friend's college parish of Saint Stanisław Kostka in the 1940s as well as a small group he ran on the behalf of the Salesians of Don Bosco during the wartime period.[3][4]
Kafka
